docs: update README (#7)
pesto-students/babitz-backend: README.md

# Babitz

> This application is the api server for Babitz. This application is created using [LoopBack 4 CLI](https://loopback.io/doc/en/lb4/Command-line-interface.html) with the

Reviewer: Please add a link to the main repo, see the README for the frontend repo for reference.

Reviewer: This is still pending, please check out https://github.com/pesto-students/babitz-frontend/blob/main/README.md for reference.

> This application is the api server for Babitz. This application is created using [LoopBack 4 CLI](https://loopback.io/doc/en/lb4/Command-line-interface.html) with the
> [initial project layout](https://loopback.io/doc/en/lb4/Loopback-application-layout.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the api server for Babitz.
```

```sh
yarn install
```

> ## Install [Postgres Database](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install [Postgres Database](https://www.postgresql.org)
```

We use postgres for our database requirements. 

> ## [Migrate](https://loopback.io/doc/en/lb4/Database-migrations.html) database schema
> ```
> yarn run migrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Migrate](https://loopback.io/doc/en/lb4/Database-migrations.html) database schema

```sh
yarn run migrate
```

yarn test
```

## [Contribution guidelines](https://github.com/pesto-students/babitz-backend/blob/Contribution.md/Contributing.md)

> Please go through the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/pesto-students/babitz-backend/blob/Contribution.md/Contributing.md) before raising any pull requests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to contribute, please go through the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/pesto-students/babitz-backend/blob/Contribution.md/Contributing.md). 
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## What's next

Reviewer: Let's remove this section from here. The loopback documentation link can be added inside the contribution guidelines.

yarn test
```

> ## [Contribution guidelines](https://github.com/pesto-students/babitz-backend/blob/Contribution.md/Contributing.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Want to contribute?
```

> If you wish to contribute, please go through the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/pesto-students/babitz-backend/blob/Contribution.md/Contributing.md). 

Reviewer: This should point to the main branch. You can either add this section in the Contribution guidelines PR or merge that one first and update the link here.
